Hello.
Everyone in this lecture will see the rules for naming variable names.
So many times we have seen that while we're assigning are creating any very well we're
getting,
you know,
errors.
So there are certain rules which we need to follow while assigning any variable name.
So let's understand.
This is my box.
So wearable name must begin with alphanumeric character.
Or you can also start with underscore character as well.
Suppose you know I have available like like a V is available and I want to give some number
or some name.
So what?
I'm giving mining.
I'm giving like this way.
So is it the right way?
Let's see.
I'm getting some Adam.
So it is not the right way to give or to define any very well.
Do not put the spaces on either side of the equal Sign this one equal sign while assigning
the value to the very book on Suppose I'm giving this way.
This is also not cutting.
All right,
if I'm giving many,
many spaces this so this is the other wrong years.
So what is the right approach for that?
It's very simple.
This'll No variables are also the ancestors.
Suppose I have given a B is equal to sugar like this is one.
But after one e on Capitol,
a piece called What I have given this one capitally small B is equal.
Do John.
This is my different variables.
I have given this one anything else left No on be bowtie small if I'm giving,
like this week,
like I'm giving a number here 100 times.
So these are treated as a different variables here.
You can see that baby is saying,
but they're different variables because variable names are case sensitive.
If I'm goingto active dollar baby,
I'm getting a different out 45 to do Echo e and Capital.
You can see that I am getting a different output here.
So,
like this?
Well,
if I am putting cab,
believe me,
I'm different.
So in simple words,
while defining any wearables,
keep in mind that variable names are case sensitive.
Right?
So these are the important things we have to keep in mind.
I left one thing out.
What I'm going to do,
I'm going to kill a simple escape using a cook amounts.
So I'm here now,
so I'm going to my time.
My this location so you can give any name.
It is up to you.
Okay,
so this could be basically,
you know,
which will find out the details.
Form your systems.
Like that system disk space,
Like memory uses.
The system is up.
How many users are logging?
So what is simple is kept on going great.
But I am going to really use the Echo command only.
So let's see.
So this is my you know,
she bank.
You want to give any comments?
You can use cash Like I'm just putting.
This is the simple It's clipped,
which is going to I like system information.
So this is just basically,
you know,
if anybody is going to open the script so they will get the information like what this
company is all about.
No.
First,
I'm going to use this one host name right on Dio.
So this is also,
you know,
Has it means that sick comment only it is not going to you know,
I don't when you file the commodity is not going to coming out in the This comes output.
So no,
this is my first line which is going to be executed.
So this is I'm going to put like this way.
12345 Host name information.
Okay.
And I need to put that Come on.
So I'm going to use coast name Syria.
Okay,
I'm going equal so that there will be a single space.
So I wonder if you have multiple command.
There should be no some space as well.
So,
second,
this is file system MySpace disk uses begins in it.
So again,
I'm going to use eco.
Come on,
Onda,
let me copy this one.
Did file system disk space uses.
I need to put the fire.
I'm putting.
Somebody fired this gun.
Echo this one.
Let me put a little Come on here that this three on used my memory in the system.
Echo this 11245 Free and used memory 1 24 flight.
So the come on is simple free.
Okay,
that would one more thing.
Like system up time and lord.
So this one sister of time and to Lord tickle this 15 times I'm putting it is up to you how
you are,
how that would put you want to have I'm putting this currently this one obtaining so I need
to put this one system up time.
I need to put the come on here.
I'm just putting up time.
Okay,
So anything else I would so one more come on.
Like how Maney logged in users.
So London he uses.
Okay,
so that is cool.
Oneto t 45 on this one is currently loved and users.
And the common is who?
So the soul and just putting that much of months already.
Let me come out from that.
Let me catch my script as well.
There's a simplistic if you can see No,
The next step is you know,
I need to make it executable so that I can execute it to see it.
More hyphen.
Axe,
ankle.
No,
I won't be executed.
Let me put clear here.
You can see that I have got an output.
I got some better here with this commodity showing free.
Come on.
Not from let's see what that we have in the system or it's a type of Mr Command is free.
Okay,
again,
I moved to five.
This one.
You can see that I'm getting an output here.
But although it put its coming in one bowl So one thing that we put some,
you know,
sleep.
Come on.
I want that.
It should be there for a few seconds.
So I am boring.
Sleep two seconds on here.
Also.
I'm going to put sleep.
Two seconds.
Get on with this one.
I will wait for two seconds.
Again.
So this is a very simple escape,
which I have created using only a cooker months.
And after that,
I used simply no sleep.
Come on.
So with these two commands,
you know,
I have created this beautiful scripts.
So what it is doing this Captain,
that details from your system.
So not this way.
You know what I have done?
I just put although,
you know,
commands in the file on executed,
I can see that output is coming,
you know,
in a very beautiful very.
And you can put all the,
you know,
details in some file as well.
So from the cell for this lecture will soon the next lecture about Thank you